Mom Xiaofu is the vice president
How did that happen?
How did Xiao Fu become the vice president?
I hide my identity
Don't let it slip.
So he doesn't know your status yet?
Interesting, you young people can really play
Daughter-in-law
Daughter-in-law sit
Thank you aunt
What's your name, auntie?
Call mom, we still have to go to work in the company
It's not time for you to chat another day.
Well, after you get off work tonight
Make an appointment with your mother to chat together
Daughter-in-law I like it
It's just that you got married too suddenly
No formal wedding
How can that work?
Here it is, don't take it.
What kind of wedding do you want to have?
Let's do it
Money is not a problem
Oh auntie
Your family
10 million